overwrite base config attribute (#55)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Aligner: CHANGELOG.md

### Breaking changes

### Bug Fixes

> - Fixed a potential issue when the base model's `model.data.data_prefix` config is a list and is about to overriden with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a potential issue when the base model's `model.data.data_prefix` config is a list and is about to be overridden with
```
